How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The diff pointed out which line we should focus on.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If you'd like to return to a prior version of your work, you'll save a
    lot of time having a previous version versus manually going back.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You have natural save points and versions which will represent work done
    during a particular session or after a particular section of code was
    modified. Automatically saving creates a bit of ambiguity around
    versions. This also aids in sharing versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Typically, when programming, you'll be working on several files at once,
    whereas if you're in a Google doc, you're typically only working on that
    one. The project structure in programming is such that typically the
    files will be typically be interconnected, versus docs, which have a
    different workflow.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    "Log" is useful to see the versions that have been committed, when they
    were committed, who committed them, and what change was made. "Diff" is
    useful to understand what actual code changed between the commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It's basically a safety net - if you mess up, your working code is still
    easily recoverable. It's also easier to find where you may have broken
    something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'd like to clone some programs and try to make cool modifications.